upm will let you decide how you want to structure your package, it makes as few restrictions as possible.  
It looks for default files in your package to do stuff. However, if your package has a non-default structure, you can specify that using a **meta file**.

## The meta file
The meta file (`[.]upm-package-meta[.txt]` or `[.]upm/package-meta[.txt]`, `[]` marks optional) tells upm where to look for files it needs.

It has a very simple syntax:  
For every line there is one key-value-binding of the form:  
`key: value`  
Whitespace in both key and value will be trimmed.

## The meta script
If you want to generate the meta file dynamically and based on the environment, create a **meta script**
(`[.]upm-package-meta.*` or `[.]upm/package-meta.*`, `[]` marks optional).

The main script gets called whenever the environment of the package changes (e.g. when it moves its location).  
After that, upm will read the meta file (which is generated by the meta script, but technically does not have to be).

## Scripts
Scripts used by upm do not require any specific interpreter or language. upm just executes the script. For that to work, you have to add a hashbang line on unix or associate the ending with a program on windows.

## Keys read by upm
 * `description` *(default: `no description`)*  
Short description of the package  

***

 * `contact` *(default: ` `)*
List of contact addresses (e.g. email, website...)

***

 * `kind` *(default: TODO)*
The kind of the package (e.g. `python-library`).
Should fit to form: "Package is a(n) `<kind>`"
Currently used for human reading.

***

 * `install-script` _(default: `[[.]upm/]scripts/install.*`)_
See Command `upm install`.  
Path relative to package root.

***

 * `test-log` *(default: `[[.]upm/]scripts/test.log`)*
 * `test-script` _(default: `[[.]upm/]scripts/test.*`)_  
Script relative to package directory.
Invoked on `upm test`. Should test if this package is able to run flawlessly and has been build properly. Return `0` if this package can be run, anything else on failure. Write into file given by the key `test-log` to return a message.

***

 * `run-script` _(default: `[[.]upm/]scripts/run.*`)_  
Will be invoked on `upm run`.
Path relative to package root.

***

 * `meta-script-dep`  
The dependency of the main script. Must be `upm run`nable so that it can be executed on the meta script.

***

## Subpackages
Packages inside a package will only be used by upm when referenced to directly.
